make sure Django and Selenium are installed:

$sudo pip3 install django==1.7
$sudo pip3 install --upgrade selenium


Define a basic functional test:

      from selenium import webdriver

      browser = webdriver.Firefox()
      browser.get("http://localhost:8000")

      assert 'Django' in browser.title

Run the functional test, and it should assert an error. 


$ python3 functional_tests.py

I'm not sure if the current code actually is since it looks like the 
web connection just timed out, but it may be that there was a server 
running already (for jenkins on Apache maybe).

Setup Django project:

$ django-admin.py startproject superlists

This adds a project to the folder (actually created the project itself
after running the test for the first time). Now there is a file
manage.py and a directory tree in with the initial test script

$ python3 manage.py runserver

Then start a new terminal window and try the test again. Actually, got
an error about unapplied migrations, so ran 'python manage.py migrate'


This is the basic command for invoking the tests. 

$ python3 functional_test.py 

Currently it just connects to the page and loosk for Django in the title
But in future we'll add a user store and define functional tests. First
change the title to the name of the web app (from Django to 'To Do') and
add some prose about what a user might do when they visit the web site.
This is the idea behind a user story. Each of the usere's imagined
actions captures some function of the web app

Now on to chapter 3. Need to add some apps (Django code is organized 
around apps) Use their tool to start a new one called lists:

$ python3 manage.py startapp lists

this adds a new dir to superlists and puts some templates files there,
including a tests.py for *unit tests*. The two go together like this:

1.  write a functional tests, based on user's point of view (story)
2.  write a tests that fails, think about what code it needs to pass
    and these will help describe the unit tests we need.
3.  Write the minimum app code to make it pass, iterate 2. and 3. untill
    it looks like the functional test will get farther.
4.  re-run funtional tests to see if they got any farther.

Functional tests should help you build an application with the right 
functionality, and guarantee you never accidentally break it. Unit 
tests should help you to write code that’s clean and bug free.

Using the test.py skeleton, add a class based on TestCase to it, then
run the unit tests from Django's test runner in manage.py

$ python3 manage.py test

Now replace the 'SmokeTest' (test of the test framework) with 
something that does something interesting: import the views module and 
look for its home_page function. Since we haven't written the it yet, we
get an expected failure (in this case an exception) and therefor 
permission to write some actual code. Note, it give practically the same
error even if assertEqual is spelled wrong. Lame. Thats because its
failing at the resolve on the line before. Fix that now.

Need to add some info about how the page mapps to functions to the 
template file superlists/urls.py, furst uncomment the home page
regex pattern, then make it actually point to the right path. Changes
the page not found error to a not callable error. Then change the 
home_page definition from None to a funtion and funally we see that 
seertEqual() was spelled wrong. Fix that and we're back on track.
home_page() return the minimal HTML from HttpRresponse()
    '<html><title>To-Do lists</title></html>'

And re-run the functional test, it finds the correct title and passes.

Chapter 3 Summary:

    Running the Django dev server
        python3 manage.py runserver

    Running the functional tests
        python3 functional_tests.py

    Running the unit tests
        python3 manage.py test

    The unit-test/code cycle
        1. Run the unit tests in the terminal.
        2. Make a minimal code change in the editor.
        3. Repeat!

        (what about ???? and Profit?)

